# Player Outcome Predictor for Sportiqo

## Sportiqo uses inferential modeling combined with predicitve simulations to model T20 tournaments

The result of a T20 tournament is ultimately composed of the results of each ball
bowled in the tournament. By generating a range of credible scenarios for each ball
in a tournament, Sportiqo is able to take in informed decision on the base auction prices
for their focus player counters.
 
The application lets Sportiqo's management team decide the base price of for player
counter auctions with high conviction in a scientific manner. 
It also allows Sportiqo's data scientists to iteratively improve the level of conviction in 
base auction prices by monitoring and improving the performance of the underlying models
    
Deciding the correct base auction price for a player counter is critical to Sportiqo.
Overestimating the base auction price could mean that even users with the correct predictions of player performance
may not be able to make a profit on the investment. 
Underestimating the auction price could mean that users with incorrect predictions of player outcomes may make an unfair
profit on their investment.

Generating a point estimate of player rewards is not a sufficiently robust method of balancing these two considerations
as these do not provide a sense of the extent of over/under estimation for each player.

Instead, generating a range of estimates, compiled through a set of credible scenarios for how the tournament may play out
will let Sportiqo's management team only auction player counters for whom tight credible intervals can be estimated.

In v1.0 of this application, users can use the "Simulate Tournament" tab to produce a set of credible scenarios for 
Sportiqo rewards points accumulation for a given set of focus player. 
In order to use this functionality, users must first select the training and testing data for the model using the "Data Selection" tab [released in v0.1]. 
Then they can configure the rewards calculation formula on the "Configure Sportiqo Rewards" [v0.2] tab.
They can use the "Review Perfect Simulation" [v0.2] tab to see the rewards calculation based on actual match outcomes in the
testing window. 
They can inspect the performance of inferential models of ball by ball outcomes on the "Review Infererntial Models" [v0.3] tab
They can then use the "Review Predictive Simulations" tab to compare the credible scenarios generated by the models with
the actual outcomes, thus getting confidence that the Tournament Simulation works across a large range of historical scenarios. 
